doc: remove outdated refrences to the Manager section in the ScyllaDB docs (#3211)
scylladb/scylla-manager: docs/source/scylla-monitoring.rst

====================
ScyllaDB Monitoring
====================

ScyllaDB Manager as Service Discovery for ScyllaDB Monitoring
===============================================================

Scylla Manager provides Consul's Service Catalog API that is used by Prometheus to dynamically get scrape targets.
ScyllaDB Monitoring uses this mechanism to discover all clusters and nodes under ScyllaDB Manager.

> More information can be found in `ScyllaDB Monitoring docs <https://scylladb.github.io/scylla-monitoring>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information can be found in `ScyllaDB Monitoring docs <https://monitoring.docs.scylladb.com>`_.
```
